README.md, before:

# COSC1010_Spring25_IfElse

You'll find Overview, Predict and Run, Investigate, and Modify activities.  These are optional!  The only graded assignment is the "Make Assignment".  The others provide some tasks that will give examples to play with in different ways.  There should be an "Instructions" tab in each project to guide you.  In case it does not show up, I've copied the Make Instructions here.

 

Optional Task Instructions
Predict and Run - First, have a look at the code.  Without doing anything else, study the code and think about what might happen.  After you have done this, run the code.  What went as expected?  What did not go as expected?

Investigate -This optional exercise is a bit like the previous one, but poses a few questions about the structure of the code itself.

Modify - In these optional exercises, you will be given some working code and asked to modify it slightly.

Graded Make Task Instructions
You are going to write a program called "Time Reminder"

- The user has to enter a number between 0 and 23
- If the number is less than 8 display a message saying "too early to get up"
- If the number is less than 12 display a message saying "Good morning"
- If the number is less than 14 display a message saying "Lunch time!"
- If the number is less than 18 display a message saying "Good afternoon"
- If the number is equal to 18 display a message saying "Tea Time"
- If the number is less than 19 display a message saying "Good evening"
- If the number is less than 22 display a message saying "Nearly bedtime"
- If the number is 23 display a message saying "Good night!"
- Any other number is met with the response “Sorry, I don’t recognize that”

Fully comment your code

Help! My code doesn't work
Make sure that you check for the following things:

selection begins with 'if' has as many 'elif's in the middle as you need and end with 'else'
a colon at the end of each if and else line.
each branch is indented unsing the TAB key (not just spaces)
if, elif & else aren't indented
a condition after each 'if' and 'elif'
no condition after 'else'
a double equals in the condition when chcking that two pieces of data are the same.

Commit message:

Refactor Time Reminder program structure and add comprehensive tests

README.md, after:

# COSC1010_Spring25_IfElse

You'll find Overview, Predict and Run, Investigate, and Modify activities.  These are optional!  The only graded assignment is the "Make Assignment".  The others provide some tasks that will give examples to play with in different ways.  There should be an "Instructions" tab in each project to guide you.  In case it does not show up, I've copied the Make Instructions here.

 

Optional Task Instructions
Predict and Run - First, have a look at the code.  Without doing anything else, study the code and think about what might happen.  After you have done this, run the code.  What went as expected?  What did not go as expected?

Investigate -This optional exercise is a bit like the previous one, but poses a few questions about the structure of the code itself.

Modify - In these optional exercises, you will be given some working code and asked to modify it slightly.

### Graded Make Task Instructions

You are going to write a program called "Time Reminder"

- The user has to enter a number between 0 and 23
- If the number is less than 8 display a message saying "too early to get up"
- If the number is less than 12 display a message saying "Good morning"
- If the number is less than 14 display a message saying "Lunch time!"
- If the number is less than 18 display a message saying "Good afternoon"
- If the number is equal to 18 display a message saying "Tea Time"
- If the number is less than 19 display a message saying "Good evening"
- If the number is less than 22 display a message saying "Nearly bedtime"
- If the number is 23 display a message saying "Good night!"
- Any other number is met with the response “Sorry, I don’t recognize that”

Fully comment your code

### Autograding Notes

This repository should have been cloned when you accepted the assignment from GitHub classrooms.  To turn it in, you will need to commit and push the repository.

See these notes for information on how to do that.

Once you have done that, the tests in the /tests subdirectory will be run.  Those should all pass if you have written your code correctly.  If you have a green checkmark, everything is good!

If you have a red mark, look to see which test failed and correct your code.  I will use these checks as a start point in grading, to make sure that your code is doing what it is supposed to do.

I will also look at your repository to see how the code looks regarding comments, style, and check for academic integrity.

### Help! My code doesn't work
Make sure that you check for the following things:

selection begins with 'if' has as many 'elif's in the middle as you need and end with 'else'
a colon at the end of each if and else line.
each branch is indented unsing the TAB key (not just spaces)
if, elif & else aren't indented
a condition after each 'if' and 'elif'
no condition after 'else'
a double equals in the condition when chcking that two pieces of data are the same.
